Right now on my computer, I have a
marketing team, a content repurposing
team, a research team, and a brand
manager. All inside of one app, no
employees, no freelancers. This is
Claude co-work with plugins. And by the
end of this video, you're going to know
exactly the same setup that I do. So, to
get the plugins and to download
everything, you have to get on the Claw
desktop app. So, once you have the
desktop app, you're going to go into
co-work and you're going to hit
customize. And this is where you're
going to see browse plugins. And once
you hit browse plugins, it's going to
have a great amount of plugins that you
could look into. Everything from
customer service to data to legal to
sales to project management. Pretty much
any department that you want and think
of plugins as a department. And we're
going to be creating smaller teams
inside of this department. So, right
now, we're going to customize the
marketing department. So, I don't want
you to get intimidated by this. So, when
we break this down, commands are just
things that you're going to be typing to
trigger this plugin. Connectors are
going to be the apps that are connected
to this plugin. And then skills are
going to be what we call our teams,
which has all the instructions to be
able to do the task that you need. Now,
to customize it to our company and our
brand, we're going to hit customize, and
it's already going to have a simple
prompt. You can leave it and hit that,
[music] or you could say based off of my
brand. Now the biggest part is going to
be switching to the folder where has all
your documents. I'm talking about brand
voice. I'm talking about any brand
documents, company documents, everything
that it can learn about you. [music]
When you hit that folder, all you got to
do is let's go and it does everything
else for you. This is why I said don't
get so intimidated because it will
create the new commands, the skills, and
it will figure out the connectors that
it needs for that plugin. and whatever
you don't have, it's going to ask you
questions to help build out everything
for you, customized to your liking. So,
as you can see, it's now customized to
my voice, the community that I have, and
even the email system that I use. Now
that we have the foundation of the
marketing plug-in customized to us, now
we have to create those smaller teams.
So, right now, we're going to go back to
customizing the marketing plugin, but to
create a content repurposing system. So
right here I have a simple prompt that
talks about customize the marketing
plugin to repurpose my content
carousels, tweets, substack, LinkedIn,
and so [music] it could create this new
skill. Now, if you've never trained
Claude of how you like content to be
written out in your voice, I'm going to
give you some content prompts inside of
the description to help you out with
that. Now once it's done, it has your
content creation skill which is like
your team that is going to be able to do
the tweets, the threads, the substack
posts, the structure that you like, the
LinkedIn post, everything that you need
for your content. And for me to test it,
I'm just going to upload an old
transcript that I have for my content
corner live and see what it could
create. And as you can see, it creates a
whole document for me for all of the
content that I need from that
transcript. Now that we know how to
install the plug-in, how to create the
teams, aka the skills, now let's
automate everything. [clears throat]
Let's create a skill, our researcher,
and then automate it so you never have
to lift a finger anymore. Now, this is a
skill I think everybody should be
creating in their own niche, which is a
research agent, aka your own research
team. And so, the same way we created
that content repurposing one, we're
going to do the same thing for a
research side of things. And so what you
are going to see, same way we customized
it. This one has all of the ones that
the websites that I go to, the
influencers that I look up, everything
that I would do for my research is now
inside of this skill. Now, to automate
it, let me show you where to go. On the
side menu, there's schedule where we can
schedule certain tasks. And so we're
going to hit new task and we're going to
put a prompt in that we would want our
output to be for the research. For even
an easier way when you're doing
everything in co-work and you want to
automate a task, all you got to do is
slash schedule and it'll automate it for
you. The great thing is that you can
pick the model that you want to use as
well as the frequency of this actual
task that you want and the folder that
you could reference it. And don't forget
the time that you want it to run. So
when it's running, you can see that
it'll go through all the websites that I
want and then draft me up a whole report
of the research that I need. Now, this
is my favorite one, which I believe
everyone should do after they watch this
video, which is create your content
strategist and allow co-work to take
over your computer to find all the
analytics for you. Cuz before we had to
upload analytics manually. Not anymore.
We're going to customize the marketing
plugin again and say when I try to use
the performance report, it will not ask
me for a screenshot. It will open the
browser and go to whatever platform is
being asked, find the analytics and
capture it from there. This is giving it
permission to use the clawed extension
on Chrome, which you have to have
installed for this to work. All right,
mine is all set up. Let's see if it
works for Instagram. It will ask you
some questions to make sure it gets the
right information. And then, as you can
see, it will pop up on Chrome. When it's
blinking like that, it's taking over and
it will go and find the exact analytics
that it needs. And here is the full
report. And I'm very transparent about
my numbers. Talks about reach, [music]
views, peak times, content, uh,
performance, and even tells me some
strategic recommendations. Claude makes
this very easy to have your own team. I
now have a marketing department. I also
have a sales department that takes care
of my brand manager side of things and I
have a productivity side of things. Now,
to have access to co-work, you do need a
paid plan, but it could be the $20 plan.
You could do all of this with that. So,
let me know what is the first thing that
you're going to be creating in your
co-work space. And if you want more
ideas on co-work, here's another video
about it.